AaronOS Privacy Policy

Last updated: 2021-01-22 at 2:47pm

This Privacy Policy is in regards to AaronOS, as it pertains to the official servers
	hosted at https://aaron-os-mineandcraft12.c9.io/ and https://aaronos.dev/
For any who deploy AaronOS on their own, it is highly recommended that you follow a
	policy similar to this one.

AaronOS only collects information that is directly relied upon for AaronOS development.

INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE

I will try my best to never knowingly collect data that could be used to personally
	identify you. Any and all data collection I may perform regarding users will be performed
	anonymously.

Any ongoing data campaigns, at the time of writing, will be detailed in the Settings
	application, under Information -> Anonymous Data Collection. This list will
	be updated when a data collection campaign is underway, and will include a
	list of specifically what data is being collected.

In the event of suspected breach of the EULA by third-party developers, AaronOS will send limited
    information about itself and the potential breach to Aaron, for the purposes of stopping potential
    issues before they become problems for the parties involved.

PERSONAL FILES

Part of AaronOS's core functionality is that you have your own set of files hosted
	on the AaronOS server.
While it is possible for us to access this data at any time, we will only do so in
	accordance with this Privacy Policy. We will only access this data with your
	explicit permission, with the exception of any data accession required to fix a
	major issue in AaronOS. We guarantee that you will be notified of your data being
	accessed in any case.

Keep in mind that no web security is perfect. If someone breaches my account or the
	AaronOS server, they may be able to force access to your files.
For this reason, DO NOT store any sensitive information on AaronOS. Examples include
	secrets, bank information, addresses, full names, or any other things that
	you wouldn't want people to know.

COMMUNICATIONS

I may contact you via various means (examples: email, Discord messaging).
This being said, I will do my best to never contact you without good reason.
Examples of good reason may be that you have requested that I contact you, or
	if there is an issue that requires your attention.
Note that I will not be collecting email addresses; the only way I'll know it
	is if you provide it to me for the purpose of contacting you.

COOKIES

AaronOS leverages web cookies for parts of its core functionality.
The main cookie AaronOS uses is a unique identifier that tells AaronOS what filesystem
	to grab from the server when loading aOS.
If you wish, you may configure your browser to deny cookies from AaronOS, though do note
	that this will prevent its filesystem from persisting between sessions.

CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy Policy is effective as of 1/26/2019 and will remain in effect except with
	respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect
	immediately after being posted on this page.

I reserve the right to update or change this Privacy Policy at any time, though I will
	make a reasonable effort to inform the users of AaronOS if this occurs.